Software Engineering Notes

Chapter 4 Requirement Elicitation
Why would you write a software?
We are trying to meet a certain need.

How do I figure what are the needs, what are the needs that a program needs to satisfy?
Where do these needs or requirements resides?
What are the requirements I need to figure that?
Where should I look?
Who knows the requirements?
The person or the entity that has a need knows what solution would satisfy the need

A requirement is a feature that the system mus thave or a constrain that it must satisfy to be accepted by the client

Requirements Engineering: aims at defining the requirements of the system under construction
    Two types of Activities one must follow:
    Requirements Elicitation
        Deficiton of the system in terms understood by the customer (Requirement Specificaiton)
    Analysis
        Defintion of the system in term sunderstood by the developer (Anaylsis Model). We create models of the requirements Elicitation.
The documentation you create has to be understood by the developer.
My requirement needs to play a dual purpose: Purpose of precisely communicating with the client as to what the system does. Purpose of precisley
communicating with the developers so they can design the software.

Overview of Requirement Elicitation
Focuses on describing the purpose of the systemDuring requirements Elicitation the developers gain an understand of how the system should work.
The description of the services and constraints of the system are referred to as the requirements.
The descriptions of the services and constraints of the system are referred to as the requirements.
The requirements are defiend in the software requirement specificaiton.

The system will allow guests to registers as a business entity.  (Milani suggests: we should write a business analysis as to why guest should 
register as a business entitty.)
    
Types of Requirements  (notes it does not describe how it will be implemented but just the requirement)
    Functional Requirement
        Describe the interactions between the system and its environemnt independent from implementation.
        The watch system must display the time based on its location.
    Nonfunctional requirement
        User visil aspects of the system not directly related to functional behavior
            The response time must be less than 1 second
            The accuracy must be within 1 second
    Constraints
        Imposed by client or the environemnt in whcih the system will operated.
            THe implementation language must be COBOL
            Must interface to the dispatcher system written in 1956

Requirement Validation
    Critical step oin the devvelopment process
        usually after requirements engineering or requirement anaylsis. Also at delivery.
    Requirement Validaiton Criteria
        COrrectness
            the requirement represenets the client's view
        Completness
            All possible scenario through the system are described, including exceptional behavior by the user or the system
        Consistency:
            there are functional or nonfunctional requirements that contradict each other
        Clarity:
            There are no ambiguities in the requirements. The requirement should be understood by everybody.